Add modules resources (#1760)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/115-javascript-modules/readme.md

> # Javascript modules
> 
> Modules are used to encapsulate all sorts of code like functions, and variables and expose all this to other files. Generally we use it to break our code into seperate files to make it more maintainable. They were introduced into JavaScript with ECMAScript 6.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/modules-intro'>Modules, introduction</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/import-export'>Export and Import</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/modules-dynamic-imports'>Dynamic imports</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Modules

Modules encapsulate all sorts of code like functions and variables and expose all this to other files. Generally, we use it to break our code into separate files to make it more maintainable. They were introduced into JavaScript with ECMAScript 6.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/modules-intro'>Modules, introduction</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/import-export'>Export and Import</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/modules-dynamic-imports'>Dynamic imports</BadgeLink>
```
